hello the main characteristics of
a trial bike in difference with the
field bikes
that is to say on a trial bike the 80th
one hundred of its use is in first speed
second
because what it's about is going up
obstacles trying to put at least
possible feet on the floor that are
the penalties
the approximate weight of a classic motorcycle or
classic modern we are talking to
from complementing to 110 and 2
from 70 kilos
in my mind
the main difference right now in
the competition with classic that already
we have a few years then not a little
enjoy out of friends beer that
we do now it made the difference of
modern and classic hello good
and I 'm going to show you the
what it refers to regarding
technique of a modern and a classical
because to compete in modern you have to
have on disc brakes
the tortillas in front
that is the main characteristic that
a classic is different from one of the
hairpins and had fernando as I
made my father look for them too
they differentiate the weights the technology
many many modern motorcycles now
lately these years are pulling in
instead of dedicating carburation
and carburetor manual carry injection
electronics
when it comes to riding a trial
modern classic with a modern can
perform all kinds of movements in the
zone for from left to right but
backwards not without backing were the
steps can not, on the other hand,
classic if you make movements you have
that having done those in motion
with the back wheel in motion if
they do not penalize you and they make you the worst
can application of a 5
Well, I started in this world
thanks to my father Juan Carlos with 11
I bought an account 49 years ago
and it was my first good bike I still follow
having and I liked a little
then I had some 80's
and with that start competing and then already
I had one and another previous
and there already since I was 16 years old
competing and then already with 16 years old I
He ran a race in Robregordo that
is 50 minutes like this the seventh with
my father 's classic and I already said
so far I devoted myself to studies
I was four years without competing
my father's backpacker and good and I
they left the classic motorbike you have there
I left a partner
and I encouraged myself to compete good the year
past was competing against
Spain that every quarter and in the
championship of madrid is third and
good
at the end with the vice
until I sign this year again
so modern because my sister has
returned to put in in modern so I
Come on, I'll sign up and see what it looks like
in the trial competition is
completely from climbing obstacles that
they put
according to you go to the competitions usually
be of earth and of iu with stones
there are not a few that are artificial to
the best in a trial there is an area that is
artificial that you mount it with trunks
or some cement block but they tend to
be all in the bush that differ
also in terms of modern and classic
it is offered that the path of modern
it's shorter than this one area is a lot
shorter they are usually 8 kilometers like that
and the classic ones are more than 8 meters
we have come to have in robregordo of
40 kilometers and two tracks in modern
are usually one day too I think that
in classics all that is not
we have to be up every day
of a motorcycle but to pass better because you see
more monte happens
to compete but to enjoy and modern
you have to be very on top of the bike
this failure this has to correct everything
while there are many competitions
modern and if you want to have fun
I recommend the classic